--- 
layout: newz 
title: About.KG 
---

Texan born and raised. I attended film school in NYC. Taught myself web design and system administration. Am an avid reader and skateboarder.  I love problem solving and logic problems. As a digital native, growing up in a time of massive change, I'm accustomed to troubleshooting and supporting others in their usage of technology. 

I have put these 21st Century super powers to good work, volunteering with NYC Cares to help older, out of work members of the community get comfortable interacting with computers. I met, and helped train, some amazing people to efficiently use computers in the workspace. It's enriching to help people and know your work contributes to their well being.  

Also currently I work supporting current and potential customers of Netflix's streaming service. I handle everything from educating users how the service works, resolving billing issues, troubleshooting Silverlight on their laptop to reseting passwords, tracking known bugs and reporting content issues.

I have numerous other experiences with the public from customer and technical support, billing and sells, to producing video content and designing web sites for clients. These skills and qualities of mine, mixed with numerous life experiences, make me uniquely qualified. I have had to manage expectations, assure clients, identify and resolve their issues all while communicating in a clear, concise manner; thus providing an overall great experience.

I'm formally trained in the arts at New York Film Academy and have worked for a small publishing company in New York where I learned technical skills like: copy writing, managing social media accounts and, producing web content. Also, I honed many media and technical skills working for independent clients and contracts. I have 5 plus years of customer support experience with companies like Lowe's, MPower Electric and Netflix, nearly 2 years of driving with a spotless record. 

I've learned and adapted to use a wide range of tools, including: FedEx Ship Manager. UPS WorldShip. Netsuite inventory and sales management. Netflix's custom CRM, Microsoft Windows, Office, & Internet Explorer. Avid Pro Tools. Apple macOS, iOS, Final Cut, Logic & Safari. Adobe Creative Suite. Google Chrome, Search & Android.

I am always available to contact at bio @ kevingailey .com, Thank you stopping by, and I hope to hear from you soon,

KG.

